Publishing Flow for heyVR.io (#681)
playcanvas/developer.playcanvas.com: docs/user-manual/publishing/web/hosting-heyvr.md

3. Publish!

You can optionally integrate the [heyVR SDK](https://docs.heyvr.io/en/game-development/sdk) into your game, which will boost player engagement and grant you access to useful features such as leaderboards, cloud saves, matchmaking and more.

### 1. Create a developer account

Simply head over to the heyVR's [developer area](https://developer.heyvr.io) and register your developer account free of charge. After registration, you'll be able to create/manage your games. To read more, check out the [documentation](https://docs.heyvr.io).

### 2. Upload your game

Once you have created your developer account, you'll need to download a web build of your application. The steps for this process are explained in details on the [Self-hosting](/user-manual/publishing/web/self-hosting/#self-hosting-on-your-own-server) documentation page. Simply follow the steps for **Self-hosting on your own server** to acquire a **zip** file.

Once you have the zip build, you can follow the step-by-step guide on [publishing a game](https://docs.heyvr.io/en/developer-area/publish-a-game) on heyVR. The guide includes all the steps, requirements and common questions regarding the publishing process.

> ### 3. Publish!

Reviewer: Please remove the `!`.

That's it! By now you should be able to see, view and test your game on heyVR. Once you're ready to make it publicly accessible, you can submit your game for review. The review process is to ensure that your game aligns with the [Publishing Guidelines](https://heyvr.io/hc/legal/heyvr-io-publishing-policies) and is fully functional.

### 4. SDK Implementation (optional)

> To further enrich the user experience and boost engagement to your game, you can use the [heyVR SDK](https://docs.heyvr.io/en/game-development/sdk) to implement additional features in your game. 

Reviewer: Please remove the blank space at the end of this line.

The SDK offers the following features and more:

- User Management
- Leaderboards
- Cloud Saves
- In-Game Purchases (both free & paid)
- In-Game Advertisements
- Multiplayer

A comprehensive guide on how to implement these features into your game is provided on heyVR's [Technical Documentation](https://docs.heyvr.io/en/game-development/sdk).

## Useful Links

- [Developer Area](https://developer.heyvr.io)
- [heyVR Documentation](https://docs.heyvr.io)

> - [heyVR Support (Discord)](https://heyvr.io/discord)

Reviewer: Add a carriage return here to end the file.

---
title: Hosting on heyVR.io
sidebar_position: 7
---

> heyVR.io is a publishing platform for WebXR games, giving you access to a global audience of hundreds of thousands of players across multiple devices.
> It offers a wide range of ready-to-use gameplay features to enhance your players' experience and enable you to start earning from your game through in-game content sales and advertisements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
heyVR.io is a publishing platform for WebXR games, giving you access to a global audience of hundreds of thousands of players across multiple devices. It offers a wide range of ready-to-use gameplay features to enhance your players' experience and enable you to start earning from your game through in-game content sales and advertisements.
```

## Publishing Flow

> To publish your game on heyVR, You'll need to follow a few simple steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To publish your game on heyVR, you'll need to follow a few simple steps:
```

1. Create a developer account (assuming you don't have one yet)
2. Upload your game
3. Publish!

> You can optionally integrate they [heyVR SDK][5] into your game, which will boost player engagement and grant you access to useful features such as leaderboards, cloud saves, matchmaking and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can optionally integrate the [heyVR SDK][5] into your game, which will boost player engagement and grant you access to useful features such as leaderboards, cloud saves, matchmaking and more.
```

### 1. Create a developer account

> Simply head over to the heyVR's [developer area][2] and register your developer account free of charge. 
> After registration, you'll be able to create/manage your games. To read more, check out the documentations (link below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Simply head over to the heyVR's [developer area][2] and register your developer account free of charge. After registration, you'll be able to create/manage your games. To read more, check out the [documentation](https://docs.heyvr.io).
```

### 2. Upload your game

> Once you have created your developer account, you'll need to download a web build of your application.
> The steps for this process are explained in details on the [Self-hosting][1] documentation page. 
> Simply follow the steps for **Self-hosting on your own server** steps to acquire a **zip** file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have created your developer account, you'll need to download a web build of your application. The steps for this process are explained in details on the [Self-hosting](/user-manual/publishing/web/self-hosting/#self-hosting-on-your-own-server) documentation page. Simply follow the steps for **Self-hosting on your own server** steps to acquire a **zip** file.
```

> Once you have the zip build, you can follow the step-by-step guide on [publishing a game][4] on heyVR.
> The guide includes all the steps, requirements and common questions regarding the publishing process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have the zip build, you can follow the step-by-step guide on [publishing a game](https://docs.heyvr.io/en/developer-area/publish-a-game) on heyVR. The guide includes all the steps, requirements and common questions regarding the publishing process.
```

### 3. Publish!

> That's it! By now you should be able to see, view and test your game on heyVR. 
> Once you're ready to make it publicly accessible, you can submit your game for review. 
> The review process is to ensure that your game aligns with the [Publishing Guidelines][8] and is fully functional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That's it! By now you should be able to see, view and test your game on heyVR. Once you're ready to make it publicly accessible, you can submit your game for review. The review process is to ensure that your game aligns with the [Publishing Guidelines](https://heyvr.io/hc/legal/heyvr-io-publishing-policies) and is fully functional.
```

### 4. SDK Implementation (optional)

> To further enrich the user experience and boost engagement to your game, you can use the [heyVR SDK][5] to implement additional features in your game. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To further enrich the user experience and boost engagement to your game, you can use the [heyVR SDK](https://docs.heyvr.io/en/game-development/sdk) to implement additional features in your game. 
```

The SDK offers the following features and more:

- User Management
- Leaderboards
- Cloud Saves
- In-Game Purchases (both free & paid)

> - In-Game Advertisement

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In-Game Advertisements
```

- Multiplayer

> A comprehensive guide on how to implement these features into your game is provided on heyVR's [Technical Documentation][5].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A comprehensive guide on how to implement these features into your game is provided on heyVR's [Technical Documentation](https://docs.heyvr.io/en/game-development/sdk).
```

## Useful Links

> - [heyVR.io][6]
> - [Developer Area][2]
> - [heyVR Documentation][3]
> - [heyVR Support (Discord)][7]
> 
> [1]: /user-manual/publishing/web/self-hosting/#self-hosting-on-your-own-server
> [2]: https://developer.heyvr.io
> [3]: https://docs.heyvr.io
> [4]: https://docs.heyvr.io/en/developer-area/publish-a-game
> [5]: https://docs.heyvr.io/en/game-development/sdk
> [6]: https://heyvr.io
> [7]: https://heyvr.io/discord
> [8]: https://heyvr.io/hc/legal/heyvr-io-publishing-policies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [heyVR.io](https://heyvr.io)
- [Developer Area](https://developer.heyvr.io)
- [heyVR Documentation](https://docs.heyvr.io)
- [heyVR Support (Discord)](https://heyvr.io/discord)
```
